hey everyone you did it you made it to
video number eight
the final video in my eight part series
about communication tips for leaders
thank you so much to those of you who
have watched a few videos or even all
the videos in the series i genuinely
appreciate it
and this video wraps it up in the
previous videos i talked about
why you need to focus on communication
tips as a leader or communication
skills as a leader and it comes down to
this crazy statistic
that more than 90 percent of employees
say that their leaders are bad
communicators
that is shocking if you want to be in
that 10
definitely check out some of the other
videos that i've already done in the
series because we cover things like
public speaking skills
how to run a great zoom meeting how to
communicate better in person with your
staff
so this is the final video in this eight
part series and it's all about
an answer to a question that really
struck me and the question was
what makes a great leader and
there's all sorts of answers that were
given as part of this survey but the one
that stood out to me
was a good leader is available
a good leader is available they have an
open door policy
and you don't feel like you're intruding
or you're disrupting them
by knocking on the door and coming in
now i've been fortunate to work with
some great leaders who
definitely are available they're always
ready you you
worry that you might be disrupting them
and they're like no come in come in
every single time like it blows me away
because i'm
i'm bad at not being like that all the
time so i've been really fortunate but
i've also worked with leaders who
you kind of tiptoe it feels like you're
walking on eggshells you're nervous to
ask them a question
and that answer is exactly how i feel
about
those leaders and those leaders
communication skills the ones that i
have no problem
going and knocking on their office door
or i don't have to knock because it's
already open but walking right in
those are the leaders i really
appreciate and i would say all of those
people are effective communicators as
well
so as we talked about a lot of these
other tips in the previous videos in
this series
the thing that is unique about this tip
is it's on your employees time
it's not on your time see the other ones
the ideas such as
walking around the hallways every single
morning and chatting to your staff
asking them non-work related questions
or any of these tips they had to do
with you purposefully doing those things
on your time
this one's tougher because you could be
in the middle of something you could be
in a in a project and you know you're
you're in that zone where you're working
really hard and then somebody comes and
they look like they have
a sort of urgent request and sometimes
that knee-jerk reaction is to dismiss
them or tell them later or that type of
thing
but i'd really encourage you as a leader
to be a great leader be that person who
is willing
it's different if you're in the middle
of a meeting or something like that but
if you
are available rather than pushing it off
make that person feel welcome and then
when they tell you their problem or
their question
even if it is something that seems
obvious don't make them feel silly for
asking
encourage the fact that they came hey
thanks for stopping by i appreciate it
that employee is going to have such a
better impression
you're going to build the trust and
that's what it's all about being a great
leader is about building trust and
having your employees
think that they can come to you with
anything and that all ties into
communication
and you will be one of the ten percent
one of the ten percent of employees that
think
that their leader is a great
communicator not one of the ninety
percent
that thinks their leader sucks at
communication i really hope this
eight part series was of value to you if
it was
subscribe to my channel let somebody
know about it send it
off to them whichever videos you think
they might find interesting or relevant
and thank you so much for checking out
this series my name's wade patterson and
i
love all things communication and i'm
passionate
about making you a more impactful
communicator